hi everyone I'm Simon I'm going to show
you today how to make inside-out roll
sushi roll with some spicy tuna red
pepper
it's a tinned tuna straight out of a can
so there's nothing wrong in it and it's
been mixed with some chili paste and
little mayonnaise to give us some flavor
and it goes fantastically well on an
inside-out roll starting with fresh
sushi rice here the layers across the
middle of this seaweed which is down on
the mat ready to go move the rice evenly
across the whole expanse of the seaweed
you don't press too hard otherwise
you'll find that it turns into something
that resembles mashed potato so move it
nicely across cover the whole sheet nice
and even
I call it moving rather than actually
pressing so you're moving the rice
across once it's nice a nice layer
you're just going to take some mustard
seeds and sprinkle on the outside just
because they've got a flavor and a
little bit of color onto the outside
with a texture then I take my sushi roll
that's ready to flip onto its back and I
lay on the tuna it's probably better to
use a spoon initially there a nice
amount in the middle flattened out so
that we can you will see why in a moment
using a spoon probably keep your fingers
a little bit cleaner although I am
wearing gloves then I'm taking some
fresh red peppers which I've cut and I'm
laying across the middle of the tuna now
very carefully I lift at one end holding
the ingredients and to nipping and
tucking to the end leaving a little bit
of an overlap so that I can a little
space to close the roll
lift it off and roll what's last time
give it a squeeze
square it off remove the bamboo mat and
you have the roll ready to cut just keep
it not to ijen square it off then with a
very sharp japanese-style knife cut the
roll into the center once I roll a knife
back two sides together and do the same
in the middle and on either side this
way we're going to get eight pieces now
to the roll which is just about the
right size
then bring on the side and let onto your
serving dish and then you can see that
the peppers should end up in the middle
and that's a lovely strategy roll no or
fish there for you and delicious